Add README (#1)
michaelpaco/simple-layout-viewer: README.md

# simple-layout-viewer

> I've created this little tool to help to validate our layout changes according to figma specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This little tool was created to help to validate layout changes according to figma specification.
Currently supporting 2:1 and 3:1 layouts (1920x960 or 2880x960, for example).
```
